src/projects/music-shop.md, before:

---
date: 2023-06-24
title: The Music Shop
cardTitle: The Music Shop
icons: ["fa-html5", "fa-sass"]
tags: ["project"]
eyebrow: landing page
imageTablet: /assets/music-tablet.jpg
imageBreakout: /assets/music-breakout.jpg
imageAlt: The Music Shop
blurb: Exploring layout and Sass in this landing page inspired by magazine layouts and Nashville nightclubs. This is a fully responsive landing page with an attitude.
description: My favorite part of frontend development is styling with Sass. A goal of the project was to build a landing page with a magazine type of layout. I wanted to build a page with mood, one that reflected a dark and smokey jazz club. I used CSS Grid to overlap page elements, properties like clip-path/:/ polygon() to create vivid shapes, and a custom linear-gradient to move the eye along the page, almost like the strings of a guitar. The Music Shop, a fictitious recording studio in downtown Nashville, is a jazzy trip into the luscious underbelly of CSS.
buttons: ["Live Website", "Figma Design", "GitHub Repo"]
urls: [
    "https://themusicshop.netlify.app/",
    "https://www.figma.com/file/fC5k21fTR1orChA12w7XiX/Music-Sessions?type=design&node-id=5-0&t=Ufe4vOZpSPyskpLu-0",
    "https://github.com/Alliemack77/TheMusicShop"
]
---

Commit message:

fixing hero hover states; editing text for Music, BeeHive cards

src/projects/music-shop.md, after:

---
date: 2023-06-24
title: A Landing Page Full of Soul and Sass
cardTitle: A Landing Page Full of Soul and Sass
icons: ["fa-html5", "fa-sass"]
tags: ["project"]
eyebrow: landing page
imageTablet: /assets/music-tablet.jpg
imageBreakout: /assets/music-breakout.jpg
imageAlt: The Music Shop
blurb: Using Sass to explore CSS Grid fundementals in this landing page inspired by magazine layouts and Nashville nightclubs. This is a fully responsive landing page with style and soul.
description: My favorite part of frontend development is styling with Sass. A goal of the project was to build a landing page with a magazine type of layout. I wanted to build a page with mood, one that reflected a dark and smokey jazz club. I used CSS Grid to overlap page elements, properties like clip-path/:/ polygon() to create vivid shapes, and a custom linear-gradient to move the eye along the page, almost like the strings of a guitar. The Music Shop, a fictitious recording studio in downtown Nashville, is a jazzy trip into the luscious underbelly of CSS.
buttons: ["Live Website", "Figma Design", "GitHub Repo"]
urls: [
    "https://themusicshop.netlify.app/",
    "https://www.figma.com/file/fC5k21fTR1orChA12w7XiX/Music-Sessions?type=design&node-id=5-0&t=Ufe4vOZpSPyskpLu-0",
    "https://github.com/Alliemack77/TheMusicShop"
]
---
